hi I'm chef Lisa books Williams of
thrive holistic calm and pleasant in
California and I'm here to show you how
to make a wacom a salad
now seaweeds or sea vegetables as
they're commonly called are great for
the body and they're also excellent for
the thyroid because they're rich in
iodine seaweeds also help to remove
heavy metals from the body due to their
Musil ah genus properties now this easy
wakame salad pairs well with any meal
and also adds a Japanese Flair when
paired with fish or sushi now here's
what you'll need to get started you'll
need 1/4 of a cup of dried wakame
seaweed which is available in most Asian
markets and you'll also need a cup of
cold water you'll need a carrot that has
been finely grated or shredded and
you'll also need about one to one and a
half tablespoons of toasted sesame seeds
now to make the dressing you'll need
these ingredients a tablespoon of
seasoned rice vinegar a tablespoon of
light soy sauce you'll need 1/2 of a
teaspoon of toasted sesame oil and 1/2
of a teaspoon agave nectar or honey and
1/4 of a teaspoon of chili flakes so
your first step is to take your dried
wakame seaweed and soak it in the one
cup of cold water for about 5 minutes so
basically it's going to go from this
size to this size or from this to this
now we're going to take our soaked
seaweed and we're going to drain off the
excess water by pouring it into a sieve
or a colander
now the excess water is full of minerals
and can be used in a soup stock or just
as a nice refreshing drink
now we're going to add our shredded
carrot to our soaked seaweed and we're
also going to add our toasted sesame
seeds now we're ready to make our
dressing so to make our dressing we're
going to put our seasoned rice vinegar
in the bowl along with our soy sauce our
toasted sesame oil and our agave or
honey if using and of course our chili
fakes chili flakes now I like to use 1/4
of a teaspoon but if you like it really
hot you can use a little more so we're
just going to whisk that together and
pour it over our salad and then we're
Jun and gently mix everything together
with a fork until nicely combined look
at all those beautiful colors ideally
this salad is best chilled for one to
two hours before serving but if you
can't wait it's still delicious at room
temperature this has been chef Lisa
books Williams of thrive holistic calm
wishing you many blessings mmm and
joyful eating
you